This is a head-gum original.
Sorry, I know we were recording, but are you guys ready?
Do you feel good? Are you going to bring the energy?
Yeah.
Okay.
Can I get verbal confirmation from Billy?
I was dancing to the theme.
He was dancing.
I just want to make sure we're starting this one out on the right foot,
because I feel like the past couple of weeks have been less than par.
People and the comments are so sad.
It was a return to form our best episode.
Yeah.
Less than par is like what you strive for.
Been golf.
Yeah, but so far is below average.
What happened last episode that made it so successful
so that we can try and mimic it again?
It wasn't as successful.
It was just us talking about shit
and like friends connecting over bullshit.
All right.
So then I'll start the conversation.
I don't know why.
We didn't even start to show you.
Yeah.
You're kind of like...
Now with a show started.
And the energy was even worse than before.
I don't want to dance anymore.
The sauce.
Yeah.
Yep.
Welcome to another edition of the head-gum podcast.
It's Friday, January 28th.
The fuck is that?
Yeah.
It's another date.
Can't believe it.
Right.
Have you been participating?
In dry January.
In what regard?
I don't know.
Some people do for alcohol.
Some people do it for...
Yeah.
I believe.
Just in any way.
Yeah.
I dry.
It's a fucking challenge.
We've got...
January.
We've got Billy Ski Fury on the facts.
Maria Brown on the facts.
And I'm here.
I'm filming up the rear.
Uh, happy birthday, mirror.
It's not my favorite.
So late.
Yeah.
It's like 12 days after the fact.
Actually, we're recording on my dad's birthday.
So...
We can do it.
What's named Dorone?
Just happy birthday to my dad.
Happy birthday, Mr. Bowen.
Yeah.
It's right.
You don't get to call him by his first name.
I don't get to call him by his first name.
Jeff, what do you do for your dad on his birthday?
Um...
You know, send him a gift.
You're like, I caught you off guard here.
Oh, here.
Here's different.
Here's a question.
My dad's birthday is Saturday.
What should I get him?
Because I've not bought anything.
Send him something perishable.
Okay.
Go on.
Like, go to Martha's Country Baker.
And get the Napoleon with berries.
Ship it to him.
Hmm.
He has something cookies.
Oh, that's something cookies for my birthday from...
Bird cookie company in Savannah.
What are some great interests, Marika?
Uh, you know, cooking.
Well, water.
Uh, rice.
Ha ha ha.
What about you?
He's a big gift card.
Ha ha ha.
It's a place all the way across the country
that doesn't even exist anymore.
I should.
I should, honestly, buy him an exactly rice t-shirt.
Oh, that's right.
I didn't want to understand it at all.
Because what does it even mean?
Uh, yeah.
Yeah.
He's, you know, he's gardening a lot.
Oh, wow.
You know what might have that a special touch?
Let's know that you really know him and care about him.
It's a Starbucks gift card.
Hmm.
Yeah.
That's so standard.
Five dollars.
Starbucks iTunes.
Can't get the biggest size.
Yeah.
Frenty.
Do you guys have any friends that don't know their parents birth this?
Hmm.
No.
It's a very specific thing that's come up a few times
where I've talked to somebody.
I mean, I don't know.
I keep forgetting if my dad's birthday is like
the 23rd or the 24th of January.
And I always think that's really fucked up.
I did have some friends that didn't remember their parents
birthed this, but it was because they're like,
they didn't celebrate birthdays for their religions.
What religion is that?
Uh, Christian science?
No, birthday celebration.
That's a bad one to have that.
You can take medicine or have happiness on your day.
But instead of your toe that give you a cake.
I think it was really at least on their family left.
Oh, Ben, like the kids still celebrate a birthday.
The parents.
Daniel, back at it again with the work.
So loud.
Can you guys accurately say what your parent's anniversary is?
I can't.
Because it's insane.
What makes it so insane?
Well, they got married on 9-11.
So that's a big one.
And then it was all 2001.
No, but it did happen during a tragedy in their lives.
They got married in 1972 the week of like the Munich Olympics.
Like Israeli wrestler assassinations.
Oh, like they got married during like already a terrible tragedy.
And then it became an even more localized version of that tragedy when they moved to America.
And then yeah 9-11.
So yes, there's parents birthday 9-11.
You don't think that they were sort of the first dominant of all.
And if they hadn't have wed, those two things would have happened.
I'm sorry to even ask.
You're like fucking rock hard thinking about the fact that the butterfly effect
actually started with my parents and ended with 9-11.
It's also, there's no way.
The correlation is so non-existent that it literally could have been any day.
Like, yeah.
It's so far removed.
They could have been your anniversary.
You could have been like in January.
And I would have been close to it.
Right?
Yes, yeah.
I'm all bricked up.
No, I'm hard.
There it is.
What?
You're all what?
Was that supposed to do it again, actually?
Was that moment where we spoke over you?
Was that worth losing the ad revenue on YouTube channel?
Because it's out the window now, God.
This is going to be a whole waste of day.
I'm all bricked up.
That's not really hell.
It was like a, it was a cover or something.
Yeah.
It's a karaoke thing with a backing track.
And I really was hoping to find one without the backing track.
But instead of I'm all shook up.
I'm all bricked up.
I'm hard as a rock and have nowhere to go.
I've been kind of tucking the little thing into my belt loop.
Move on.
Move on from whatever you're doing right now.
No.
I know.
I didn't.
I have like, I've been 45 minutes.
I got like 45 minutes.
Can't wait to turn your seconds.
I'm not.
A major killer milk everything for what it's worth.
I don't say milk after that.
Oh God.
I lost my voice a little.
Jeff, you text me.
She a lot.
And I want to be.
I want to put this on record right now.
Stop.
You stop.
Like, I don't.
I told them here.
Yeah.
I told, I'm not a she guy.
Not a big group of the sheep.
I don't.
I don't care.
If my friends do it, they seem to be having fun with it.
Yeah.
I've tried in various ways via text being like,
I don't understand what that means.
Don't send that to me.
Now I'm on screen.
Locked in.
Telling you.
Stop sending me.
She.
Not interested.
There it is.
On record.
Thank you.
I started.
Right.
Um, there's been a slew of new hires at headgum.
Billy, can you speak to that?
Uh, yeah.
We've got Jenny, uh, who is, uh,
type in a way.
We've got, uh, new hire Jerry,
who is doing great with sales.
Thread and Stacy are hitting the ground running with
localized attachments.
And then, of course,
we have Peter and Peter two.
And they work in narcotics.
What?
Sucks.
Sales.
Peter and Peter.
Well, I'm sorry.
Products.
Yeah, we don't drug dealers that had to go.
No, I am Jenny.
Jenny, when the curious are their new hires,
it had to go.
Yeah, we're looking at an on you.
We're looking at a Michelle.
We're looking at a Casey.
We're looking at a John.
Wow.
We're looking at Kayla.
We're looking at Gianna.
Gianna's been on the show before.
Yeah.
There's our brand new.
And we don't know what quite to make of them.
We don't know who's going to be a good addition and who's going to be gone within the year.
We don't know who's going to be gone.
We're going to talk to them except for you.
You're going to leave.
But you're going to be gone.
Wow.
Yeah.
So it's me and not morey already.
Yes.
Probably.
Everyone is more important than you.
And your attitude is poor.
All right.
That's fine.
Yes.
It's all.
Love that octave.
Oh, come to me.
The face.
You know.
That's all right.
You know he means it when he talks like this.
Yeah.
Up.
Got him.
Down.
Up.
Lump.
At all.
Up.
Down.
Down?
Up.
Oh, what? Oh, yeah, I want it. Let's let's dig into your your guys's weekend adventures because you post a photo
Johnny sitting by himself
Correct, what did you guys get up to we?
Sorry my legs is asleep
Ah
We went to this is like real flirt sleep over body language right? Yeah
So okay, I wasn't about your hot weekend. We went to the gutter interest Williamsburg to bowl
Three and a half hour wait
We you get a number like you're at a deli counter and ours was you guessed it 69 and and
That was all we needed you know that sort of made the night fun it imputes a certain passion and joy
To the night's festivities what else did we do you ask we played pool we played
Strip solitaire on an ATM machine
We kind of couple of gansets
Mera or otherwise and
And we we just waxed a little bit you know a little bit of that a little bit of this people were friends were meeting each other left then right
Are you laying on your stomach or are you down? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I like when there's the rain sitting
It's just feet aren't kicked up and crossed
Yeah, behind us just like talking about the gossip and then yeah
Solid hair only like
Yeah, like it's an issue of cosmopolitan magazine and you're taking a quiz with the
With the girls during a sleepover or are you sitting down?
No, he's laying down. He's babysitter club. He's like reading in a tent right now
It's hard to focus because my legs even more asleep since I moved
Note it
Congrats you're not like you are pulling since you moved to New York
You've had a numb of handaged for a month and a half
Yeah, what's that song in Greece where it's like the
Slumber party people are laying like that tell me more to oh, yeah, or was it all breaked up no
The first time it's like
Yeah, she sings about like wanting to go to like come like a like a makeup specialist or something like that
Beauty school that's during the sleepover. I don't think so is it? I don't know. I don't agree as well
Yeah, well someone will let us know over Twitter. I'm sure
I'm all bricked up
Nice, that's good. Yeah, why is it good with Billy does it hey? It was the time when I was
The time here is the fact that Billy did it and you can hear it clearly. Yeah
I'll continue to fill this
Silence of Maria can you explain to me? We all saw it on your Instagram stories recently
You bought a $14 something at a farmer's market. It looked like a mushroom and it looked like it could have ruined your day
What happened? Yeah, thank you. You were kind of the woods on toast. Can you mute yourself for a second? I want to hear the answer
Jeff Roon the story. Yeah, so I I walked to my local green market on Sunday
With the goal of buying mushrooms and bread to make mushrooms on toast and
And I got there. I went to the mushroom guy. I was like what's your friend car?
What's your credit card minimum? He was like six dollars. I was like great. I will find a
I assume small mushroom
That will be worth that picked one out gave it to him
He was like that'll be $14 and I could not say
No, thank you
Could you like weigh it to find out or you just will get the mercy of the moment? No, it was like I weighed it
Yeah Jeff can you
Riga don't let him in that I don't let him in
It was a situation where I didn't feel comfortable enough like
Taking the mushroom and putting it back in the bin for sure and it was like could I rip it into a piece?
Probably not I don't know what but I don't know what the like
That'll be a bonus if you snap it
Not off I guess right yeah
So then I'm getting close to the minimum so yeah, I had to I had to take it on the chin and
And how did it tie the by the $14 mushroom by some bread and then I went home made it
I did a little what is it other than mushroom on to like is there butter involved is there all the oil
What's butter involved yes, so I I had some leftover
Like white beans that I had made a while ago
So those were like very really like erby white bean
Lemonese situation I turned that into a little spread I put that on the toast
I cooked the mushroom I like crisped it in a cast iron
Did a little steak type thing where you like down so with the butter the time
Shit got crispy spread on my bean
Where did you come up with this idea like I've never even heard of this food is this like something that you saw on a television show
I feel like I saw someone recently cooking
Mushroom toast I've like made it before in multiple variations and it like reminded me I was like oh that's a thing I can eat
And then the I put did the little put the toast in the same pan with the butter
But on the bean spread
Put on the mushrooms
Is that still a little lemon zest on top use me get a little a little touch
Like holy shit, I'd be intrigued and then you have leftover mushrooms
I did not I put them all in the bread and I ate it all so I
All the worth of homemade mushroom toast my god. Yeah, I was looking at a
$20 bright fist at that point plus the apple cider that I bought at the
Not to mention the labor again. It's supposed to be cheaper when you do it at home
Yeah, and I certainly was not so I won't be buying mushrooms from the farmer's market again. That's what I learned
I'm in shop local by all means, but it couldn't be me for a $14 my talkie
So yeah, that was my weekend fortunately
All right, let's stop. Yeah. How are you gonna edit out video man? Are you gonna edit that it? We'll tell we'll tell grace
Yeah, yeah
That's the best part of somebody else the worst part is the barricut just gave us this full lesson in how she kind of like stumbled into learning that
She didn't know what the price of this thing was she stole it and it kind of put her in this position
That is exactly when you're supposed to drop major keelert
Yeah, and then say don't buy something without knowing the price
But you are so busy with this stupid notes app gag that you try to make it out of itself and yes
100% and we actually missed the first opportunity probably in headgump podcast history to hit major keelert and drop some sort of lesson
Yeah, no, no, it's in the searway
And now that's also
Yeah
Obligation for grace and I was gonna say all right commercial back I guess yeah
Thank you to athletic greens for sponsoring this episode of our show guys
I truly like this product a lot. I mean, I've been using athletic greens every day
I feel more energized like I'm getting the nutrition that I need without having to take a bunch of pills, man
All right, you might not have the time for that, but if you want better gut health more energy and
Optimized immune system and you hate taking pills and vitamins, but you want a supplement that actually tastes great
Check out athletic greens
All right, so what is this stuff? Well with one delicious scoop of athletic greens
You're absorbing 75 high-quality vitamins minerals whole food source superfoods
Probiotics and adaptogens to help start your day right
The special blend of ingredients supports your gut health your nervous system your immune system your energy recovery
Focus and aging all the things
All right, I take it this every morning right before my coffee. I'll do water athletic greens coffee and it's just it's the best way to start your day
I mean, it's really got me
Energized for the new year and I'm excited that they started sponsoring us when they did
The taste I would say is sort of tropical
You know, it's not too earthy
And I would highly recommend it. I'm somebody who doesn't like green juices or you know
Honestly even the taste of uncooked vegetables at all so
But I still like athletic greens is still more than tolerable
tons of people take some kind of multivitamin and it's important to choose one with high-quality ingredients that your body will actually absorb
AG1 athletic greens is drink is a micro
Habit with big benefits and it's one thing that you can do for yourself every single day to take great care of yourself
Your subscription also comes with a year's supply of vitamin D which is incredibly important to add in these once or winter months where we don't get as much sunlight
So right now it's time to reclaim your health and arm your immune system with convenient daily nutrition
Especially heading into flu and cold season. It's just one scoop and a cup of water every day
That's it. No need for a million different pills and supplements to look out for your health and to make it easy
Athletic greens is gonna give you a free one-year supply of again immune supporting vitamin D and
Five free travel packs with your first purchase all you have to do is go to athletic greens dot com slash what's that?
Again, that's athletic greens dot com slash what's that to take ownership over your health and pick up the ultimate daily nutritional insurance
Thanks, I'd let a greens
And we're back. Oh my god, we're having fun. Yeah, your spirits are up now. They were up the whole time
I just was not a little fragile
Yeah, because you were in charge you weren't driving the car for four seconds so you start feeling threatened and annoyed
Oh
I get that we bring that back
um
Appertiefs
But we know about the
Fans at all this is a nice line date that you had the other night now. You're like you learned something or something
Oh
Yeah, a verna you don't your shit brownie. Yeah. Got this. I have I've pins. Okay. What are your thoughts?
I am more of a fan of the sweeter digestiefs
Something else. So not what you've brought up
You've brought up one thing and then you're like actually I'm a fan of something and I'll some tire
That's because that's what I asked about but I'm actually into this whole other thing
Because like yeah, I got some of that too and you're like I've been doing gin tasting
Oh, that is funny. That is funny
But we'd have to get to our first segment. Is everybody fine with that? Can we move forward as a team instead of everybody coming up me all the time?
Yeah sounds great
You
Welcome to head-gum podcast trivia. All right none of this blank or not none of this you know drew or Mariah
It's just trivia. All right. I think it'd be fun. A. I thought that this would be fun because Marie
Can I have been trying to do trivia for the better part of a decade to know a veil and um I mean weren't you looking at real estate in veil?
No
Why do you want to say something about zone a gale or
Wiley veil yeah
Rest in peace to all of them
Friends of show
It's just trivia but I because there's an odd number of you guys
I just can be split into two teams
Yeah, we do Marie can Billy versus a mirror
All right, all right
Are you going to be laying in this gossip position for the rest of the podcast? You think you're fully committed at this point?
I think I would just look like
Like zoom down. Oh, yeah, they are yeah, they are not called the ankles. That's somebody else's leg ankles
See if you can play this whole game with your legs kicked up on your ankles crossed. Oh
I see
I'm counting on a couch that yeah. Oh, he's cheating
All right, so it's Marie and Billy versus a mirror. Do you guys want to come up with team names?
No, got it. All right
First up Marie can Billy
Okay, and Greek mythology who is the leader of the underworld
He's a headgun podcast trivia. Go ahead
Absolutely correct. So this is trivia about anything it just happens to be on the headgun podcast not like headgun podcasts
Strivia right. Oh, this is just trivia about anything
Got it
All right team a mirror what what color does gold leaf appear to be if you hold it up to light
Yellow
Dream actually that's gonna be good
All right, uh team Billy what kind of light like a light bulb or a candle any light
Team Rican Billy which house was Harry Potter sorted into?
You
Granger no that's correct. I'll take me to school. I'll take Marie cuz cuz she I heard it first it is Griffin door
All right team schmooel at which hospital did the first heart transplant take place
Yale
The correct answer is group sure
Yeah, did you know that? Yeah, that's amazing
The hearts are very important part of the body should learn agreed
All right team Rica team Billy what color are cranberries
Ricky you want to take it yeah, I'll take it you know red
Correct
Some time white some time white bonus points
We'll be on it like there's no yeah, there's yeah, you're asking them incredibly easy question colors of fruits like
First grader trivine you're asking me like the name of Danish hospitals where medical history happened
Maybe I usually agree with you on most things, but
Really new the show everyone knows grew sure
You were kind of or grew sure
Stand up cuz Billy knew that
I'm here so I know that boldly but just to be green
Yeah, I don't know why you feel like publicly victimized maybe it's just that you're on you don't have a teammate
Just playing around we're just playing around people light people like truly oh, sorry
I thought you're talking to me. All right, and I'm talking to you now in fifth this is for team in 1547
I don't know anything about that year
That's a long time ago just listen to the question jerk
In 1547 who became the first Tsar Russia
Nicholas
That's gonna be Ivan the fourth fourth the fourth
Yeah, yeah, I have a terrible exactly what before like the first three doing if he's the first Tsar
And he's not even the first Ivan he's the fourth Ivan in the the first Tsar
It's just he's here to be a Tsar. He's a Tsar
That's really good. That's cool. All right for team Billy and Marika spell the word a
Can I ask a question? Yes, about are we talking about like a like hello or are you talking about
Yes, I use it in a sentence. Yeah, I'll be great. All right, um, this is a sentence
Gotcha, Billy do you want to take this one?
Um, I might have another question yeah country does this word derived from
It is English
A
You can't deal with the thing that's actually gonna be
Points on the front and back and for Billy and Marika because I'm here interrupt I guess not a question
I guess it's got it right the correct answer was a hey
All right quickly back to team of me or the Taj Mahal was constructed as the tomb of the wife of which mughal emperor
um
Talk it out
Mughal and nothing
I don't know a general emperor, and then maybe I'll stumble into a mughal fact that you forgot you knew an emperor
Well, I'm watching the great. That's about a Russian emperor. Yeah, so you like you should have gotten the question about a place and necklace
Your thing into this hole, but yeah, you should have gotten that one
By the way, I've I talked about Nicholas Holt in this podcast before I'm a huge fan now through that show it's great
You've tweeted about them have you watched the movie where he's trying to kill a child and there's like fires
No, I'm gonna
I haven't watched it yet
It's like with Angelina Jolie
Is it back to me? I don't I haven't watched yet, but I want to
Out of time the correct answer was Shah Jahan
Yeah, yeah, you know, it would be a good nickname to describe his talent. Yeah, no limit Holt him
All right
Thank you to factor for sponsoring this episode of our show guys
It's a new year and I'm back in action
All right, I've got things to do people to see and I don't want to spend time in line at the grocery store or
Hunched over the stove, but I don't have to meal plan or prep now that I have my
subscription to factor
Factor makes it easy for me to eat clean
24 seven with fresh never frozen prepared meals that are so delicious
You won't believe they're actually good for you
Factor saves me time by delivering
Chefcrafted meals to my doorstep
Eliminating the hassle of grocery shopping and meal prep not to mention
Clean up all right
Doing dishes is my least favorite chore all right, and I don't have a dishwasher here. I don't have a dishwasher in L.A.
So factor really helps me out in that way
Factor tough tackles the tough stuff so that I don't have to
They're registered dietitians and expert chefs work hand in hand to create meals with new
Trisha's and ingredients and with more than 27 meal options every week
I'm never bored
Factor even knows my preferences because they offer vegan and vegetarian meals cold pressed uses smoothies energy bites plant-braced bars
Extra protein which is what I do veggie sides which is what I do sometimes and more to keep me fueled and focused all day long
So if you're interested head to go dot factor 75 dot com slash plans and use code
What's that 120 to get a hundred and twenty dollars off your first five weeks of meals again?
That's code what's that 120 at go dot factor 75 dot com slash plans thanks Factor
All right back to team Billy Maria or Billy with this one. There are no wrong answers just what's your favorite song
Happy birthday that's good
There you go. Oh, I have to answer to
Drizen my pants by the limit correct all right a mirror. What is the scientific name of potassium you said
One more time
That's the new or couple comes out
Aluminum
Correct answers potassium sulfide. Yeah, yeah sulfate. So it's why I got to sound it out
This bit was supposed to be that I was giving a mirror the harder questions and there's got progressively easier
But I'm freaking Billy new all five of the ones I threw at a mirror. No
This is unbelievable. I don't think so. I think that's the end of the game we won
There's no there's no points for Dan's just bragging rights for yeah
I don't already heard this song in this episode. Yeah. Yeah. We're closing out this segment
That is going to be another game show. You can just kill it just kill the song
No song over this part. Welcome to
Cartier or arbor day
So this is one of the games that you said you're we're not gonna play on this episode. Yeah, variety versus drooled right
You started to give us false hope that this person hosts the prices right wrong
Yeah, wrong yeah
$800 so it's Cartier what are party be why not Cartier or Carty be that's really good. No, it
Shit really that's I'm like A or B answer also what's our like when is our birthday is the topical at all to do that
It's the last Friday in April
It's awful
All right, let's just play and then I'll I'll come up with something else do flowers and plants gets
Looped into the whole arbor day celebration or such straight tree
It's three. It's just tree dang. Okay. Yeah, it's cold. All right blank has been around since 1872
This one already
Arbor day
Cartier is 1847
Unlike distant relative FDR Teddy Roosevelt did not see the importance of blank
Arbor day
In correct Teddy wrote his about was actually one of the biggest proponents of arbor day in as U.S. President
FDR on the other hand was gifted a Cartier and wore it almost every day and Teddy Roosevelt wasn't much for displays of wealth
Fucking idiot
Gifting your spouse and item blank is a common display of affection
You can't read it my screen says this is boring
Gifting your spouse and item from blank is a common display of affection
You
You know I capitalized born and I kind of want to get them all wrong. All right, Cardi B
That's not one of the answers, but it's wrong still
Maybe we can give him the satisfaction of being wrong. I haven't been paying attention to Arbor day just arbor day. Yeah, correct
Imagine giving your wife a fucking oak
Man, I was not paying attention ever you hear you just say that that random ass sentence
Are you kidding me a weird term video gone? I think this is a good game
This is crazy Andy Warhol loved blank probably
Saturday some shot yeah
Cartier
I mean he's famously voted as saying that he wore the Cartier tank watch not because he set the timer used it
But because it was the watch to wear so he probably loved Cartier
I can use can you send the quote where he said it was the watch to wear
Send it wear like you just you don't trust lack. Yeah, it's a sentence
Only you would say and I just want confirmation. No, he 100% I mean I can find it
Yeah, yeah, I mean you know just like after or something just a confirm
I mean, I'm sure he also like trees probably so in a way
Think we're all right
I don't wear a tank watch to tell the time actually I never even wind it
I wear it because it's the watch I wear a tank because it's the watch to wear
Hmm
This is interrupted the flow and I think it was going really well no way
One way to celebrate blank is to plant a tree
Love going full screen on just obvious a day screaming no way
Yeah, the fog sliding up
One way to celebrate blank is to plant a tree
Cartier
Imagine fucking putting into soil a
Spruce to celebrate how fast and elusive you played with cash to get a Cartier crash
So one way to know when someone doesn't know when they're going to say something is the second word they say is fucking
And they use that as a little bridge like a tube beat like okay
I'm gonna say something after this and he said imagine fucking and then he just started sweating
Talking and to be honest, I chose that because I thought he was gonna say it was right and then have to make up something
And I just wanted to put the pressure on him to do so a successful trap. Thank you
You welcome Jeff go to the next segment
No, I have to finish this one out
You know what do we cool if you went to the next segment try something new this is a dud
Plank is closely tied to nature
Fucking arbor day
Cartier
In 2020
Cartier founded Cartier for nature a fun dedicating to preserving biodiversity and healthy ecosystems
Nice
Blank job eight's one of Jeff's favorite watch watch straps
We could be talking about so many more interesting things right now
Still dragging this stupid segment through the stupid mud
Cardinal care the listeners don't care
Because if you think about it the more trees that are planted the more it that oxygenates the atmosphere
Which also helps cows from which their hides are turned into swayed and made by
To Theo and here is watch straps door my favorite strap
Okay
Oh
Yeah
That sucked and it wasn't because of me
Yeah, that's half true. It was a bad idea executed worse
You mean even if I had done it straight it would have been better than when I did yes
Baroness, let's talk about it. What's our version of that? Are you kidding me? What's
What do you mean
Baroness said fair enough. Let's talk about it. Let's not it's old
Sure, there's that like movie coming out or whatever who cares who caranos
No
That we need help head gum needs a fair enough because meaning what does that mean because when I tell people
Oh, like I work in podcasting. They're like, oh like how so and I'm like a kind of work at this padcast
Never called head gum nobody fucking knows what I'm talking about just say you have a podcast
No, that's not interesting. It's the same thing
Traverse some podcast that's all you have to say I'm a comedian who hosts a podcast. No, because then they're like, oh, be funny
And they say you're a comedian then okay, I say I work in podcasting
Great usually people don't have follow-ups, but when they do they don't know where
Head gum is or what it is and we need to get controversy. We need a controversy
Okay, for the for the record. I don't know what Theranos is so I mean
Theranos was a fraudulent blood testing startup
Basically Elizabeth Holmes founder a CEO said that she could
Revolutionize medicine with at home blood testing and it she didn't have any technology to back about
Nice, okay cool and so what do what can we over promise and under
Deliverers what I'm saying because we already have a bunch of E.C. interests
Yeah, and his gum ball already fraudulent is I guess my question to him
That's not it's an active thriving marketplace that's working
All right
All right, I'm just saying you don't see us on the fucking front page of the New York Times when Theranos has been the subject of much
malice do you see any
Podcasts on the front page of the New York Times. I don't but I do see podcaster
I'm your blooming felt occasionally in the New York Times. Thank you
Stabbing do not put on the love of God. Yeah, I'm man, my man
I was the lead of a pretty
Condition
Yeah, these exact words on three different podcasts. That's right. I'll get basically
Showed about purchasing
This is all wrap a test audio listeners
As a as a as a secret Santa gift and I guess that sparked interest in the eyes of the journalist at the time
It's not interesting. I think
Technically this podcast is a scam
So I think maybe
Let's work to make it big
Great
Go on and then then there we have it
That was slanderous thoughtless
It's gonna leave me jobless if a mirror really takes it with a wrap. I don't like
Landarist stop it. It's gonna leave me jobless
My boss
Through the cobblestone your body scarless
You say you think I'm harmless
You look gobble streets. You didn't come over the rhyme a
Freaking the sheets in a nightmare with cheeks a joy
Like a monologue, man. What a weird amount of time. You ruined it. I ruined it. Yeah
This sucks
This fucking blows
That's another way that you know someone doesn't have something to say when they just yell at the sucks
Yeah, yeah, yeah, you're saying I was slanderous
I don't leave me jobless
All right, you know, I mean I feel like a lot of people are like how does this
Show how I'm listening to this because I have jaundice
Could you some work really yeah jaundice and
jobless
You're gonna be slanderous thoughtless and it's gonna leave me jobless call me Homer Simpson because I think I have jaundice
It's pretty good actually
I don't think it's a good
Mine is gonna be like I think Jeff likes I think Jeff likes the word jaundice too much
So it's a kind of a cop out
We're like a grudge. We're like a minute away from him telling us about his friend named jaundice
nice
No seriously
We're gonna local super good
That's really good
Yeah
My fault
Just pull the string from his yeah, they're sure that's the Jeff doll the talking Jeff doll that has seven quotes
Don't hurt him say that's good. You pulled the string
It's my fault
No idea how much work I put into the shit and then one time you pull the string and it just goes
Come up the sound every time yeah every other time. It's just
They don't do that anymore the pull the string like go say
Thing. I wonder if it's dangerous or kids were choking on it or some shit
I mean
Where are we as a society where you can't have simple toys anymore because we're afraid that one kid will take it the wrong way
Speak on a baby. I'm with you. It's like what you
Next you can't have puzzles because a baby wants chewed on it and got it caught in this throat like we got soft
We got soft
Some guy tries to blow up a plane with a shoe unsuccessful and we have to take them off
Yes, thank you
Take them off through secure the visa
When I was a kid my parents used to feed me puzzle pieces. Me and my sister
That's about five hundred
That's that's that's a call on what you'll do
But we had to eat in a weekend once
Right, you should say that was the 90s that was the 90s. No, it wasn't that was that wasn't happening in the 90s
It was a great post. It was a great post or puzzle
I stepped on Legos daily in 2003 says Marika and now like that's a great pop punk band name
Step on a Lego in 2003
It sounds like a pump pop punk song where it's I stepped on a Lego in parentheses in 2003
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, thanks for the race. Thanks. Yeah
This show you to be fun when we're all friends
How do you know the way what are you most looking forward to what do you have your like faith in right now
I'm sure both of those questions at the same time not possible
There's traffic but it's all public transportation so like yeah
That doesn't affect me obviously. That was a bad question. Yeah somebody lives in New York
And then the other one one one looking forward to a traffic listeners shipped to the podcast. Oh, it's
He doesn't now can ruin. He doesn't he doesn't he doesn't have access. It's a direct correlation
Coralative relationship with my LDL cluster. Oh, so let's just say through the fucking room
Sorry, Marika and I'm here for asking Jeff a question. No, it's okay, but I am I am curious what he's looking forward to
Looking forward to well on a daily basis. I look forward to the end of the day so I can just sleep and get it over with
My dream land is the only place that I tend to be accepted
I feel you've been hanging out with people
Daily so I don't say that right because yeah, I started an LLC and they're on the payroll
Are you liking New York still like do you can you think that this trial has gotten well?
Do you think that hey if I can make it through a overcron winter that it'll only get better from here or did it sort of sour you on the idea
When you come back I love it, but I'm never happy right so it's like I'm here and I want to be an LA and
When I'm and then as soon as I go back to LA, I'm going to want to come back to New York
Do you know what I mean like I'll it's a it's an eternal what if right so it's not really like to find
Longing in New York was sort of a travesty
What I wanted was to find my place here and it still isn't enough and it never will be so you found your place and
It's being bicostle
Right the very least tricostle. What's the third coast?
It's uh the warmth of trying so it's basically trying to be tricostle is to try to be bicostle
So you're saying LA New York and the want of trying are the three places you live
And I'm going to set up my like my main residence will be in the third one just for tax purposes
Havenness
You're going to pay your taxes to want of trying yeah
Okay, good luck with spit which basically means I'm not going to file taxes, but I'm going to want to try to
Where have you not gone in the city?
That I want you yeah, you visited the upper west side for the first time you loved it people on YouTube
We're like keep Jeff away. We don't want him here. But where else do you want to go now glad you asked I want to go to
Redhook I've never been there
But other than that I've kind of been around
Or at least have been to different neighborhoods in previous visits
Uh
I'm sad pretty much set. Have you been anywhere in Queens?
Long Island city so no, not at all not even story. Oh, I do want to go to a deal shot
I do want to go to an argument or have a new
Where is that I don't care
No, I don't know
I
All right, no, no, I'm not continue. Sorry. No, I was just gonna I was gonna ask other places in Manhattan
Have you been to the upper east side? I've been there at sucks. Yeah, so you love the upper west side and hated the upper east side
Washington, hi, it's hard to find. I really want to check out Arthur Avenue
And he doesn't know where that is I want to buy two pounds of sturgeon for a bit that I want to do in the next two weeks on this
Show
Okay, so that's a teaser for y'all
Fish is coming
You don't know why
The next t-shirt strap on your seat belt Dr. Duncan's time because you are about to be blown away
Um
Fucking hang myself
With a nerd's rope for that
Nerds
Boy
Yeah, bugs
Billy scuffiery. What are you working on? I don't want to point the people to
The floor is yours
I'll go
Probably gonna keep everything that I'm working on to myself for now. I'll just say you can follow Billy scuffiery
That's my name on Instagram and Twitter
And I think that's all for now and also check out buckets
I'm gonna say it one more time because just another stupid sound effect came flying in and yeah, it arrived to them
Yeah, and I and now I assume another one will so I have to be calculated when I say the next sentence I say
Also listen to buckets and no joke on the uh on had a gun shit. I stumbled because of fucking Jeff just
Just lucky
Blue and fell and
Don't yes happen. You don't drink. Yeah. I wasn't going to
But say apricot if
Or does
You drink and honey. Yeah, just an afternoon liquor
Any um shout out to buckets and no joke pod and deed and then
The if I were you podcast that I'm on has a YouTube channel now
We're doing simulcast so you can watch it as well as listen to it in an audio video fashion so check that out as well
Marica do you want to add to shit that nobody gives a fuck about yeah? I definitely do
The hell is your problem? What is wrong with you?
Follow me on Instagram Twitter and letter boxed at Maricaelon also there is a keeping records
YouTube channel where we're also doing video podcasts Caleb here and she'll be all seen in video. It's great check it out
And there's a new had gun podcast enemies hosted by Lisa Triker
That will be the first episode will be out when this comes out so listen to that and links to all these things are probably in the description of the video
That's a hell of a plug good job Marica. You're just you rock solid. Thanks so much a professional also listen
Wrangle in it and now
Yeah, are you? Thank you, Marica once again. Thank you, Marica. Not must do. I'm a stay. Not a stay
Jeff
You know it's interesting because sometimes we have
You know bigger guests on this show or on review review and I think a pretty baller ass thing that they tend to do is
They don't even plug their shit because they're set. You know they plug the host shit
So I'm gonna say follow at Maricaelon. I'm gonna say follow up at Lisa Fury at
Amir at Bloomingville on Twitter because I'm sort of a big fucking deal and I'm set in those regards
So there's my celebrity move and
That's pretty awesome. I think everybody got goosebumps
Yeah, something
It's a awesome
You
That was a hit gum original